Give you some images with format like "tittle" (description), answer questions:

Images:
"alice" (a 18 years old girl)

Question: Is Alice a 18 years old boy?
Answer: no


Images:
"sethu" ( a naked man and a beautiful woman )
"nandha" ( two men are staring at someone )
"pithamagan" ( a man is reaching the hand out )
"maayavi" ( a man is smiling and a woman is shocked )
"naan kadavul" ( a man is running in the sea )

Question: Which film poster with a male reaching his hand out?
Answer: pithamagan


Images:
"tina turner" ( a singer is singing on the stage )
"soundgarden" ( a band is playing the song )
"live" ( a band is playing with a naked lead singer )
"r.e.m." ( a bald singer is singing in the dark )
"tom petty" ( a man is playing the guitar )
"bruce springsteen" ( a man is playing the guitar )
"tracy bonham" ( a woman is playing the violin )

Question: Who is not playing the violin?
Answer: tina turner | soundgarden | live | r.e.m. | tom petty | bruce springsteen


Images:
"Young Artist Award" (The Young Artist Award (originally known as the Youth in Film Award) is an accolade presented by the Young Artist Association, a non-profit organization founded in 1978 to honor excellence of youth performers, and to provide scholarships for young artists who may be physically disabled or financially unstable. a gold sculpture holding a star.)

Question: What color is the Young Artist Award?
Answer: gold


Images:
"baldur's gate ii: shadows of amn" (card of shadows of amn)
"baldur's gate ii: throne of bhaal" ( card of throne of bhaal )
"Mass Effect 3" ( mass effect 3 with a view of the earth)
"baldur's gate: enhanced edition" ( a sword at the bottom )
"baldur's gate: enhanced edition" ( a man versus a dragon )
"dragon age: inquisition" ( a man is battling with a dragon)

Question: Wich video game produced by Mark Meer feature a view of Earth from space on its cover?
Answer: Mass Effect 3


Images:
"Lahti" (a photo of lake geneva at night and at night in lahti)

Question: The location with two tall narrow pointed towers near the waterfront, in Individual podiums of Riitta-Liisa Roponen, is?
Answer: Lahti


Images:
"houston comets" ()
"san antonio silver stars" ( san antonio starts logo with a boom )
"minnesota lynx" ( a logo with wildcat of minnesota lynx )
"phoenix mercury" ( the phoenix mercury logo with the sun )

Question: Which logo has a wildcat on it?
Answer: minnesota lynx


Images:
"penrith panthers" (Logo of Penrith Panthers, a cartoon picture of a black leopard)
"south sydney rabbitohs" (Logo of South Sydney Rabbitohs, A white rabbit jumps on an oval pattern with a green frame on a red background )
"gold coast titans" (Logo of Gold Coast Titans, a warrior in golden armor holding two swords in a cross shape)
"salford red devils" ()
"leigh centurions" (Logo of Leigh Centurions, a warrior wearing a half-moon helmet and holding a red-edged shield)
"castleford tigers" (Logo of Castleford Tigers, the head of a roaring tiger in the middle)
"sale sharks" (Logo of Sale Sharks, a shark in deep blue)
"l\u00e9zignan sangliers" (Logo of L\u00e9zignan Sangliers, a pink and green logo with name on the right and a windmill-like logo on the left)
"leigh centurions" (Logo of Leigh Centurions, a warrior wearing a half-moon helmet and holding a red-edged shield)

Question: Which one has crossed swords on its logo?
Answer: gold coast titans


Images:
"columbus clippers" (A ship sails on word art on Columbus Clippers)

Question: Does columbus clippers have a ship in its logo or Charlotte Knights?
Answer: yes


Images:
"Aldershot" ()
"Barrow" (the logo of the barrow afc and the bee logo, with flower and football and submarine on the shield)
"Bradford" City (the logo of the bcaf afc announces its new logo, a rooster on a sheild)
"Brentford" (the logo for the brentford football club, a bee in the red circle)
"Chester" (a crest of a lion wearing a crown and a laurel wreath)
"Crewe Alexandra" (the logo of the glen alexandra football club, a red dragon among golden ears of wheat)
"Darlington" (the logo for the quakers, an orange and white shield, unfolding a tractor and a top hat)
"Halifax Town" (the logo of the shaymen football club, a blue striped and white shield with a floral pattern, the uppercase ntfc letters nesting a football)

Question: How many logos have flowers on them?
Answer: 2


Images: 
"High Jump" ( person competes in the high jump.)
"Long Jump" ( person, competes in the long jump.)

Question: Which event shows a competitor in the 2003 Girls U-17 Leeward Islands Junior Athletics Championships jumping?
Answer: Long Jump | High Jump


Images:
"Guiding Light" (a neon sign that says guildlight in the dark)
"Hack" (a man in a car with his face on a screen)
"Everwood" (a neon sign that says everwood in front of mountains)
"Law & Order: Criminal Intent" (a neon law  order criminal intent sign on a dark)
"Deception" (a man standing in the darkness)

Question: The number of pictures with a man is 2?
Answer: yes


Images: 
"Northamptonshire County Cricket Club" ( the legend of zelda: ocarina of time nintendo artwork video game poster)
"Glamorgan County Cricket Club" ( the daffodil is a member of the genus narcissus, embroidery,)
"Lancashire County Cricket Club" ( the loch ness clans and the glen t shirt)

Question: Which National League Division One teams with a flower on their logo were in the totesport League on 28 August 2005?
Answer: Glamorgan County Cricket Club | Lancashire County Cricket Club | Northamptonshire County Cricket Club


Images: 
"Club América" ( the logo for the atlanta united soccer club.)

Question: A logo with a map of both American continents belongs to which team in the World Football Challenge of 2011 in CONCACAF,?
Answer: Club América


Images: 
"Ebbsfleet United F.C." ( the belfast united football club logo)
"Plymouth Argyle F.C." ( the logo of the fundraiser)

Question: In the Gozie Ugwu career statistics, which club features a sailing ship on its logo?
Answer: Ebbsfleet United F.C. | Plymouth Argyle F.C.


Images: 
"Fall Out Boy" ( image may contain : person, on stage and playing a musical instrument)

Question: What instrument is the man in the very back playing in Fall Out Boy
Answer: drums


Images: 
"Gällivare" ( a city in the snow)

Question: Is there snow in this picture of Gällivare?
Answer: yes


Images: 
"Cory in the House" ( politician and his family pose for a photo.)

Question: in Television of Michael Steger, which tv series has humans in the poster?
Answer: Cory in the House